[Music]
basic English conversation practice for
kids Hello I'm your friend
Kaka I'll help you practice English
conversation please follow my
directions thank
[Music]
you
hello
words after you listen to each word say
the word
morning
afternoon
evening night
[Music]
conversation hello
an hello
Tom good morning
[Music]
an good morning
Tom good afternoon
an good afternoon
Tom good evening Ann
good evening
Tom good night
Mom good night
an
practice listen to each sentence and
repeat your conversation will get
better hello
[Music]
L hello hello
Tom good morning
[Music]
an good morning
Tom good afternoon
[Music]
an good afternoon
Tom good evening an
[Music]
good evening
Tom good night
[Music]
Mom good night
an word
quiz afternoon
night
morning
evening conversation quiz
is what does an
say good morning
an good morning
Tom hello morning
Tom what does Ann
say good afternoon noon
an good afternoon
Tom good night
Tom what does Mom
say good night
Mom good afternoon
an good night an
[Music]
and how are
you
words after you listen to each word say
the
word
student f
[Music]
conversation
hello
hello are you a
student yes I
am are you a
am how are
you I'm
fine how are
you I'm fine
too
practice listen to each sentence and
repeat your conversation will get
better hello
[Music]
hello are you a
student yes I
[Music]
am are you a
student yes I am
how are
[Music]
you I'm
fine how are
[Music]
you I'm fine
too word quiz
fine
student conversation
quiz what does an
say are you a
student how are are
you yes I
am what does an
say how are
you
hello I'm fine
what does Ben
say I'm
fine how are
you yes I
am I'm fine
too did you have fun see you at the next
one
learn this conversation with four step
phonics on YouTube